small acts has been 10 years in the
making 10 years
making when's it been 10 years it's been
10 years since we first met and spoke
about it during which you've made three
films
2010.
[Music]
action
these stories are timeless
[Music]
it's like going back to your
grandmother's house and those smells and
everything
comes rushing back in
it's not just about the past it's very
much about the present but it's also
how we got here it's them and
we if you lose these histories you won't
have an
understanding of where we are now and
how much we've achieved see the thing
about the black man is
he's got his place if he oversteps he's
going to be gently nudged back in
frank quichlo is a man who came to
england in the 50s
to set up a restaurant the mangrove
where a lot of the black community went
because they felt safe
and he became subject to harassment by
the police
and was forced into becoming an activist
this system
rigged it's rotten all he was trying to
do was run a west indian restaurant
but of course the police and the
authorities chased the people away
this became untenable and there was a
march
a march against the local police force
in notting hill in 1970.
very much like black lives matter it
became an afraid
him and eight of his friends were
arrested and they
had to go through a 56-day trial we need
justice
we need to defend ourselves against
power and as rivers of blood and
nonsense
althea jones she is one of the members
of the black panther movement in the uk
she holds everybody together together
we become stronger in terms of
liberation and fighting for the rights
of her people
black dimension is going to focus on the
community and the police state in west
london
i like the sound of that darkest hall
was
a west indian man he was a revolutionary
he loved to speak brothers and sisters
we must become the shepherds of our own
destiny
the script brings about an integrity
in keeping with the accuracy
historically of what happened
[Applause]
it's more important now to get the truth
of the human condition
at this time i think there's a lot of
people who are confused
and i think a lot of people need to
connect with the real
again young people in our generation
today do not
understand the fight and the hard work
and the love that's gone into fighting
for our rights to housing
our rights to education our human rights
to be respected
young audiences will connect with that
because they will see people with a
really strong sense of purpose
and purpose is what everybody needs
right now
these stories have made who i am as a
human being what made me reason why i'm
sitting here talking
to you right now i'm very grateful and i
owe a lot
to the people in these stories
you